Add clarification on is_coalesced and add it to more events (#403)
quicwg/qlog: draft-ietf-quic-qlog-quic-events.md

{: #quic-datagramssent-def title="QUICDatagramsSent definition"}

Since QUIC implementations rarely control UDP logic directly, the raw data
excludes UDP-level headers in all RawInfo fields.

Multiple QUIC packets can be coalesced in a single UDP datagram, especially
during the handshake (see {{Section 12.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}). However, neither
QUIC nor UDP themselves provide an explicit mechanism to track this behaviour.
Implementations willing to track coalescing across packet-level and
datagram-level qlog events SHOULD thus use the local and qlog-specific concept
of a "datagram identifier" in the `datagram_id` field. Selecting specific and
locally unique `datagram_id` values is left to qlog implementations, but in

> general multiple packet-level events sharing the same `datagram_id` SHOULD

Reviewer: This second SHOULD kudt seems to be repeating the requirement above?

Author: It is; I wasn't aware that's a problem. Would you prefer to change the first `SHOULD` to a `should` or the second one here?

Reviewer: I made a suggestion PTAL

> Implementations willing to track coalescing across packet-level and
> datagram-level qlog events SHOULD thus use the local and qlog-specific concept
> of a "datagram identifier" in the `datagram_id` field. Selecting specific and
> locally unique `datagram_id` values is left to qlog implementations, but in
> general multiple packet-level events sharing the same `datagram_id` SHOULD
> indicate they were coalesced in the same UDP datagram.

Reviewer: So I might be misreading what you intend but with current text but I could even go further with something like

```suggestion
qlog defines it's own mechanism for tracking coalescing across packet-level and
datagram-level qlog events, a "datagram identifier" carried in `datagram_id` fields.
qlog implementations that want to track coalescing can use this mechanism, the 
selectiion of specific and locally-unique `datagram_id` values is an implementation
choice.
```

Author: I feel that loses a (potentially obvious, but still good to call out) aspect in how to use the `datagram_id` though... so maybe something like this then:

```suggestion
qlog defines its own mechanism for tracking coalescing across packet-level and
datagram-level qlog events, a "datagram identifier" carried in `datagram_id`
fields. qlog implementations that want to track coalescing can use this
mechanism, where multiple packet-level events sharing the same `datagram_id`
indicate they were coalesced in the same UDP datagram. The selection of specific
and locally-unique `datagram_id` values is an implementation choice. 
```

Reviewer: Looks good
